Now, instead of this complicated setup,
let's go and create some facts on dimension tables.
Now, here again, I'm going to try to open this image in a new tab,
take this URL and put it perhaps here.
This is our target schema.
If we start looking here,
initially in our initial schema,
we have no table called date.
But because of the idea that we need actually
to get dimensions and use them actually in a number of facts,
we're going to extract a date dimension on its own.
Let's see what the changes are going to be here.
So, we're going to create a table called dimension dates,
and then we're going to make a date key.
That one actually the date key could be just an auto-increment number
or serial like we're doing here for the customer table.
But for clarity, actually,
all dimensional schema suggested to make it an
integer that actually looked like a date.
But for simplicity, just consider that this could be a normal key like auto-increment.
Then we have the data itself untouched.
Then we have the year alone,
the quarter alone, Q1, Q2, Q3,
Q4, we have the months, we have the day,
possibly from 1-30 or 31st,
then we have the week,
until week 1-52, and then we have something called is_weekend.